---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/events/the-ugly-s-backstory/","dg-note-properties":{}}
---

 About some 20 years ago, The Ugly once owned a lone house on a hill close to an ore deposit, back when he was human. He was not pleasant to look at whatsoever, often being referred to as the ugliest person in the town. He had a deformed nose that made it look like it had went upward to his forehead, his eyes were non-symmetrical and spread far apart, he had a blonde Unibrow with brown oily hair, he was balding as well, his voice was screechy and raspy, He was wrinkly and bruised as he was getting old, he was very skinny as well, and he always smelled of dirt and onions because of his garden. 

He had been in an argument with the local town officials since they wanted to tear down his home and harvest the land's ore. He had fought tooth and nail and it had seemed that they had given up and his efforts had paid off for once. What he did not know that some officials had hired some sketchy figures to take the house by force after some time passed, so they wouldn't be corelated to the eventual 'incident' and it would seem to be a random attack if anyone looked into it that much. 

Weeks would pass and things seemed normal for him, the occasional weird look and callout of people calling him "Wretched" "Ugly" "Made-Wrong" but he felt proud, very proud actually, but slowly something else was building up inside of him, he'd think to himself that they didn't know who he was, and that they can't judge him for his looks because he knows he's great. During those weeks as well, the last of his family, or his mother, would pass away to natural causes. He'd attend the funeral and leave a compass once gifted to him by her

 One day, as usual, a group of people saw him and all stared. He was simply sitting on a bench when one person walked up to him and starting saying the same insults as before, and more this time, they were getting really personal with it too. And then the person said something about his mom that had passed recently, although they wouldn't have been able to know that it was somehow a lucky guess. He felt that same gut feeling again, this was the last straw before he stood up, a face filled with fury looking as if he was a tomato and starting screaming at the person. Eventually the person would slap him, and he would tackle the other person to the ground, releasing all of his madness onto the stranger. He would be arrested and the stranger would be hospitalized for multiple severe injuries. 
 
 Somehow "The Ugly" as he was now referred as, would be put on house arrest, the judge felt as if "He would be killed in prison, just look at him". Nights would pass before suddenly he'd be awoken to flames surrounding his home. And when he stared out the window he saw not just the figures mentioned before, but the officials chanting "Ugly". He saw them tear up his garden, shoot at his house, and laughing right at him, pointing and grinning like never seen before. He would be found dead the next morning holding a (broken pot)potted plant, untouched by the flames and 'planted' in the ground, a firefighting squad was fighting the forest fires all night, which they chalked up to some campers not putting out a fire or messing with a fire in the middle of the night. 
 He would be buried on the same hill, wandering as a fog before being released 
